Copy-edit compile docs (#2794)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/dev/compile/Dependencies.rst

Dependencies
############

DFHack is meant to be installed into an **existing DF folder**, so ensure that one is ready.

.. contents:: Contents
  :local:
  :depth: 2

Overview of Dependencies
========================

..
    DFHack is quite large, so I've attempted to
    leave some sort of bread crumbs for each
    mentionable aspect.

This section provides an overview of system dependencies that DFHack relies on.
See the platform-specific sections later in this document for specifics on how
to install these dependencies.

DFHack also has several dependencies on libraries that are included in the
repository as Git submodules, which require no further action to install.

System dependencies
-------------------

> * CMake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CMake (v3.21 is recommended)
```

Author: or newer

* build system (e.g. gcc & ninja, or Visual Studio)

> * Perl (for code generation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perl 5 (for code generation)
```

> * Python (for documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python 3 (for `documentation <documentation>`)
```

* Git (required for `contributions <https://github.com/DFHack/dfhack/pulls>`_)
* ccache (**optional**, but recommended to improve build times)
* OpenGL headers (**optional**: to build `stonesense`)
* SDL (libsdl 1.2, not sdl2)
* zlib (compression library used for `xlsxreader-api` -> `quickfort`)

..
    maybe the below should be talked about next to the bullet point??

> **SDL** is used as an injection point which you can see more about in DFHack's `architectural <architectural-diagrams>` documentation & diagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SDL** is used as an injection point which you can see more about in DFHack's `architectural documentation & diagrams <architectural-diagrams>`.
```

    yum install gcc-c++ cmake ninja-build git zlib-devel SDL-devel perl-core perl-XML-LibXML perl-XML-LibXSLT ruby

General notes on dependencies:

To build DFHack, you need GCC 4.8 or newer, which should be available on modern
distributions. Using exactly GCC 4.8 has the benefit of avoiding `libstdc++
compatibility issues <linux-incompatible-libstdcxx>`, but can be hard to obtain
on modern distributions, and is usually not needed because the ``dfhack``
launcher script automatically works around libstd++ compatibility issues. As
long as your system-provided GCC is new enough, it should work. Note that
extremely new GCC versions may not have been used to build DFHack yet, so if you
run into issues with these, please let us know (e.g. by opening a GitHub issue).

> Before you can build anything, you'll also need ``cmake``. It is advisable to
> also get ``ccmake`` on distributions that split the cmake package into multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installing ``ccmake`` on distributions that split the cmake package into multiple
```

Building 32-bit Binaries
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If you want to compile 32-bit DFHack on 64-bit distributions, you'll need the
multilib development tools and libraries.

On Debian-based distributions, these are:

* ``gcc-multilib`` and ``g++-multilib``

  * If you have installed a non-default version of GCC - for example, GCC 4.8 on a
    distribution that defaults to 5.x - you may need to add the version number to
    the multilib packages.

    * For example, ``gcc-4.8-multilib`` and ``g++-4.8-multilib`` if installing for GCC 4.8
      on a system that uses a later GCC version.
    * This is definitely required on Ubuntu/Debian, check if using a different distribution.

>   * Note that installing a 32-bit GCC on 64-bit systems (e.g. ``gcc:i386`` on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Note that installing 32-bit GCC on 64-bit systems (e.g. ``gcc:i386`` on
```

Author: Disagree - it's similar to "an installation of GCC"

Reviewer: I think it's actually more like "installing a 32-bit Windows"

Author: You can have more than one installation of GCC on a system. You can't have more than one installation of Windows on a system (ok, disregarding VMs, dual-booting, etc., but those aren't relevant in the context of compiling DFHack on _one_ system). I can reword this, though - maybe "installing a 32-bit version of GCC"

Reviewer: That sounds fine in my ear.
